-
- question for demo
	- ```explain risks and mitigation strategies with respect to ai in uk politics, and differences and intersections vs the EU and USA and emerging markets ```
	- ```explain the risks to the social contract, jobs, globally, from artificial intelligence, and give me an optimistic viewpoint based around human creativity moving into new and undiscovered spaces with the support of AI```
	-
- OMEPAGE
  AI
  In a leaked recording, Amazon cloud chief tells employees that most developers could stop coding soon as AI takes over
  Eugene Kim Aug 20, 2024, 8:38 PM BST
- Share
- Save
  Read in app
  Happy cloud with Amazon logo on it.
  Amazon; Getty Images; Tyler Le/BI
  AWS CEO Matt Garman shared thoughts on AI during an internal fireside chat in June.
  Business Insider obtained a recording of the meeting.
  Garman's comments were a kind of advisory nudge rather than a dire warning to software engineers.
  Insider Today
  Sign up to get the inside scoop on today’s biggest stories in markets, tech, and business — delivered daily. Read preview
  Bull
  Email address
  Enter your email
  Sign up
  By clicking “Sign Up”, you accept our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You can opt-out at any time by visiting our Preferences page or by clicking "unsubscribe" at the bottom of the email.
  Software engineers may have to develop other skills soon as artificial intelligence takes over many coding tasks.
- That's according to Amazon Web Services' CEO, Matt Garman, who shared his thoughts on the topic during an internal fireside chat held in June, according to a recording of the meeting obtained by Business Insider.
- "If you go forward 24 months from now, or some amount of time — I can't exactly predict where it is — it's possible that most developers are not coding," said Garman, who became AWS's CEO in June.
- "Coding is just kind of like the language that we talk to computers. It's not necessarily the skill in and of itself," the executive said. "The skill in and of itself is like, how do I innovate? How do I go build something that's interesting for my end users to use?"
- This means the job of a software developer will change, Garman said.
- "It just means that each of us has to get more in tune with what our customers need and what the actual end thing is that we're going to try to go build, because that's going to be more and more of what the work is as opposed to sitting down and actually writing code," he said.
-