- Team meeting [[MITIH]]
	- Kit and subscriptions for AI stuff.
	- Hyper personalised brands stuff, this reframes a lot of the things Pete and I have been looking at toward brand micro targeting with better privacy. Talked to Vircadia, Mike Brown - McCann,
		- I have done a design [[Client side DCO]]
	- Pushed MITIH branding into my online knowledge graph
	- Tech update
		- Horizon is now open platform
		- LLama 3 is amazing
	- May hack day with Marco for knowhere and [[fashion]] week  [[Projects]]
		- Ralph Lauren, are NOT signed up. Might be able to get buy in from others but I want to get Marco booked first.
		- Can I cover cost and accommodation - his 2 days time would be a contribution
		- Should be after launch, which is very end of May.
		- MITIH github, passwords,
		- 3d pipe is working but needs more kit and more distributed stuff
			- Most of the problems I have been having are equipment related. Matt?
		- Remarkable integration is working for what what's worth
		- Moving to working on the USD file pipeline
	- Thursday meetings with [[Umran Ali]] on [[AI Video]]
	- HP AI platform 20 seats, match funding requested
	- MiddleVR, quote incoming, match funding requested
	- Paper with Jess. [[Metaverse Ontology]] Poster. [[Projects]]
	- Podcasting?
-
- New tryon models
	- [cuuupid/idm-vton – Run with an API on Replicate](https://replicate.com/cuuupid/idm-vton)
	- [OutfitAnyone - a Hugging Face Space by HumanAIGC](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HumanAIGC/OutfitAnyone)
- Kriss and Blair Parkin for Eden project [[Projects]]
- [[3D and 4D]] [[2212.06135] Rodin: A Generative Model for Sculpting 3D Digital Avatars Using Diffusion (arxiv.org)](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.06135)
- [NVIDIA-Omniverse/USD-Tutorials-And-Examples: USD educational materials (github.com)](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Omniverse/USD-Tutorials-And-Examples) [[Omniverse]] [[NVIDIA Omniverse]] [[usdFile]] [[Courses and Training]]
-
-